Hey, what's up”? How you doing?
Hey, could you pick me up, please?
Like, now?
How was the movie?
I'm sorry, okay?
Yeah, get in.
Hey.
You know, when I was your age,
I barfed all over grandma's favorite
shag carpet in the guest bathroom.
I told her it was bad shellfish.
But, actually, I downed half a bottle
of peppermint schnapps
behind sweetie pie's with my friends.
So come on.
Zach and I broke up.
Oh, my god.
- Sweetie, I'm so sorry.
- No, don't do any of that.
It's just...
He started talking about
Japan and how it's too far
and that I shouldn't do
the program next year.
That's not cool.
What?
Mom, you just have no idea
what I'm going through, ever.
Maybe he's right.
Maybe I shouldn't go.
It's not like I speak the language.
Don't know anyone else who's going.
Why am I even going?
- When I was in high school...
- No, mom, this isn't the sweetie pie's, okay?
- Things are, like, a lot more stressful now.
- Yeah, you'd be surprised.
- Sit down, I'll tell you a story.
- I'm gonna go to bed. I'm tired.
You're just gonna stare
at your phone all night.
So then why can't you just text me?
Sit your butt down.
It was the early '80s...
No, please, not the '80s.
Yes, the '80s in the San Fernando valley.
And me and my friends...
Were valley girls.
I know, you've told me a thousand times.
- Mmm.
- You guys were all like:
"Oh, my god. Like, where's my brain?"
Yup. And we actually used words
like "tripendicular,"
and we wore teal eyeliner
and popped collars.
And we hung out
at the mall every night.
Wow. Deep.
Okay, so we weren't exactly
solving world hunger.
But at the time, it seemed perfect.
Life was like a pop song.
And we knew all the words.
J; See the people walking down the street j
j fall in line just watching all their feet
- &' they don't know j
- &' where they wanna go j
j but they're walking in time j
& they got the beat j
j they got the beat
they got the beat
j yeah they got the beat j
Oh, my god.
J all the kids are getting out of school &
j they can't wait to hang out and be cool j
j hang around till quarter after 12 &
j that's when they fall in line j
j they got the beat
they got the beat
j kids got the beat j»
j yeah kids got the beat &
j go-go music really makes us dance j
j do the pony, puts us in a trance j
j do what you see, just give us a chance j
j; That's when we fall in line j
j 'cause we got the beat
they got the beat j
j kids got the beat j»
j yeah kids got the beat &
j we got the beat j
& we know you can dance to the beat
we got the beat jump back &
js get down ji
I round and round and round I
j we got the beat j
j we got the beat
we got the beat &
j yeah, yeah, yeah j
j we got the beat
we got the beat &
j yeah, yeah, yeah j
j we got the beat j
j yeah we got it &
nope. Stop.
You were singing and dancing on a fountain.
That's how I remember it.
That's what it felt like.
God, that's so cringy.
We lived in a total bubble.
We never left the valley.
We barely left the mall.
We were warned to never go over the hill
where all the weirdos lived.
Punks and runaways.
It was just a few zip codes over,
but seemed like a million miles away.
J I don't give a damn 'bout my reputation &
j you're living in the past
it's a new generation &
j a girl can do what she wants to do j
j and that's what I'm gonna do j
& and I don't give a damn
about my bad reputation &
j oh, nod
&' no, no, no j - j not me j
& me, me, me j
j I don't give a damn about my reputation j
j never said I wanted
to improve my station j
j and I'm only doin' good
when I'm havin' fun &
j I don't wanna please no one j
j and I'm never gonna care
about my bad reputation j
j oh, nod
& no, no, no j
j not me j - & me, me, me j
& oh, no j - & no, no, no
Damn it! Stupid thing ate our demo.
See? It, too, is sick of
playing our five shitty songs.
Pigs!
J oh, I don't give a damn
about my bad reputation j
j oh, no, not me j
he was, "totally."
And then he was all like, "call me, babe."
And I was like, "Rob!"
- My god.
- I'm so sure.
Oh, my god.
But you said you wanted to call him.
Duh. Like, she totally does,
but she can't act like she does.
See, that's why Julie has
the most bitchen dude in school.
- Yeah.
- Whatever.
I'm gonna barf. Where should we go now?
- Esprit or limited?
- L.Imited.
Esprit.
Um...
I've got a radical idea.
Let's blow. I mean, we could go anywhere.
I ike another mall?
No. Like, get on the first bus we see.
We could, like, go over the hill,
to Hollywood or something.
Or we could just, like,
see where it takes us.
- You're freaking me out!
- Oh.
- Oh, my god. Like, freak me out.
- It sounds way dangerous.
- Hollywood is so grody.
- Let's go.
Thank god.
J got a hold on you j
j uh-oh, it's magic
js when I'm with you j
j oh, it's magic j
Julie, like, here comes your man.
- Damn, he's so fresh.
- Stop.
Hey, hot stuff. Catch you at the pep rally?
Yeah. It's, like, mandatory.
Hey, Mickey.
J oh, Mickey, you're so fine j
j you're so fine, you blow my mind
hey, Mickey &
j hey, Mickey hey, Mickey! &
\whoal
yeah! Mickey Bowen!
Check out that bod.
All right.
It's fine it's fine it's fine.
Hey, everybody.
And to think that some
members of the faculty
suggested we shouldn't have a pep rally
for one person.
Boo!
And need I remind you?
Senior prom is just one month away!
And, uh, I have some great news for you.
Let's get a drumroll, please.
Our high school has been selected
to have our prom broadcast live
on the greatest radio
station in L.A., kroq!
Oh, my god!
Hey, everybody, remember,
no more spiking the punch. Okay?
Last year, I got a dui.
Mickey, I'm not... shh.
Mickey, I'm not supposed to come in here.
Shh.
- We could get in trouble.
- We're gonna get in trouble together.
- Mickey...
- Hey, it's just us. Okay?
Now!
Oh.
What do you say, Jules?
Me, you? That?
Hmm? Hmm?
Just say yes. Just say yes.
- Okay.
- Okay?
Yeah. Yeah!
Excellent!
She said yeah!
- Goddamn.
- Yeah!
J Janet Jackson Janet Jackson j
j just like Janet
just like Janet j
I, like, totally have to practice
if we're gonna be live on kroq.
Kroq is a radio station, loryn.
I need uvs, like, now.
- Tell me.
- What happened?
I just got asked to prom by five assholes.
I just can't decide
who I wanna take me, Mike or Danny.
Danny has the bod, but
his brains are bad news.
He's going to Cal state northridge.
Like, we're going to northridge?
But, I mean, you don't have to worry.
You're set for life with Mickey.
- Oh, my god, you guys are so getting married.
- Totally.
I'm so sure.
I mean, people are waiting now, you know?
Some girls don't even get married
until they're, like, 23 and stuff.
If I'm not married by 23, I'll kill myself.
But I'm not even sure what
I wanna do with my life.
Yeah, that's why you get married.
So you don't have to do anything.
Yeah, like, once the divorce is final,
my mom has to, like, get a job.
- Well, what does she like to do?
- Be married.
Don't bring up your mom's divorce.
It makes me really sad.
Sorry.
- Does anyone want a diet coke? Okay.
- One for me.
- No ice, Stacey.
- Okay.
What if you got a bitchen job?
You know, like designing clothes?
Or, loryn, dancing?
- Why would you want to”?
- To have a life. To, like, be independent.
Fw. Bummer.
But it's the 1980s, guys.
Girls can do anything.
J oh, girls just wanna have fun &
j I come home in the morning light j
j my mother says
"when you gonna live your life right?" &
j oh, mother, dear
we're not the fortunate ones j
no. Loryn!
J and, girls, they wanna have fun j
j oh, girls just wanna have fun &
- sorry.
- All right.
Get out of here.
J the phone rings
in the middle of the night &
j; My father yells &
&' "what you gonna
do with your life?" J
j oh, daddy, dear, you know
you're still number one &
j but girls, they wanna have fun &
j oh, girls just wanna have j
j that's all they really want &
> some fun I
j when the working day is done j
j no, girls, they wanna have fun j
j oh, girls just wanna have fun &
j girls, girls just wanna have fun j
j they just wanna
they just wanna j
&♪ girls j - & girls
& wanna j - & wanna j
& fun, fun j - & fun, fun j
yes!
J they just wanna
they just wanna j
j they just wanna
girls just wanna have j
they just wanna j
j girls just wanna
girls just wanna have fun &
J some boys take a beautiful girl j
j and hide her away
from the rest of the world I
I I wanna be the one to walk in the sun j
So, I totally stole my
mom's joy of sex book.
Did you see those illustrations?
It was so gross.
Yeah, I'd like to hear more about this
book. Wasn't on my summer reading list.
Like, I could totally give you
a full report tonight at my friend's party.
- 1807 Sierra vista heights.
- Loryn.
No. Get out. Like, go.
No
Shoo
sorry about my buddy there.
He can be a real dick.
Yeah. He's, like, way rude.
He does this all the time.
Hi. We were all just leaving.
Like, now.
Yeah.
- Hey, wait! What's your name?
- Hook me up with those 'chos
and I'll tell you where the val' chicks
are going tonight.
Dude, a bird was just all over those.
Wicked.
Wait, back up.
You just left?
Well, I had a boyfriend.
Who was a total tool.
And he had all those tattoos.
I mean, he was actually considered pretty,
you know, edgy back then.
You have instant chemistry with this
crazy hot guy and you just bailed?
If you'll let me finish.
You were afraid of his tattoos?
You know, I'm so tired.
Maybe you should just go
text all your friends. No.
I mean, you can keep going.
If you talk more about him and not about...
Like, leg warmers.
Okay.
No leg warmers.
I promise.
Now, take it forward.
Take it, one, two, three.
- Now, side to side.
- Mom?
- Huh?
- Have you ever, like, thought
something was totally right
that it should, like, fit just perfectly,
but then it just totally doesn't”?
Ooh. Well, I guess, that kind of depends
on what you're trying to fit where.
You know? I mean,
sometimes things aren't meant to...
- Be put in certain...
- Oh, my, god!
- Experimenting is fun. It's exciting.
- Ew! Mom!
- Hello, ladies. Look at what I got.
- Oh, my god.
I ook at that!
Look at this new technology.
Ll ook at how sleek it is.
- Wow.
- There's a whole vcr in here.
I ook how small that is.
It's burning hot to the touch,
but I think that's normal.
We could make our own workout video.
- Honey, we can make all kinds of videos.
- Ooh.
No, stop, guys.
Oh, Julie richman.
American teenage qirl...
- Stop, dad.
- Of the valley variety.
But what is she working on right now?
Is it another world-famous fashion project?
My outfit for Mickey's costume party.
For what party?
No. I mean, are his parents gonna be there?
- No risky business?
- Yes.
His parents will be there.
They even got it catered.
Well, that sounds classy.
Kamikazes!
You know, it's very
important to stay hydrated.
I know this because I'm a mom.
Yeah I'm a mother.
J skip de skip, up the road j
j off to school you go j
you think Dolly
parton stuffs her bra too?
Totally.
You remember the Halloween
that we made those Houdini costumes?
Yeah, with the handcuffs.
You guys are so lucky
I rescued you in middle school.
- Especially you, Stacey.
- Oh.
Hey, yo! Adrian!
Aah! It's Rob!
Oh! What happened to your hands?
No pain, no gain!
Unbelievable
- you are, like, so lucky.
- Seriously, that was a perfect cannonball.
- Mwah.
- Oh, you're soaking.
Hell, yeah. You're smoking too, babe.
What are you, anyway?
Oh, wait. Uh, chip!
Chip! Oh!
Dukes of Hazzard!
Yo, Mickey! Check this out!
Oh, hell, yeah! Chair launch!
Drop! Drop!
Three
two.
One!
J Friday night and everyone's moving j
j I can feel the heat
but it's soothing, heading down j
j I search for the beat
in this dirty town &
j downtown the young ones are going j
j downtown the young ones are growing j
I we're the kids in America ji
j everybody live for the music-go-round j
j bright lights, the music gets faster j
j look, boy, don't check on your watch &
j not another glance j
j I'm not leaving now,
honey, not a chance j
j hotshot, give me no problems j
j much later, baby
you'll be saying never mind &
js you know life is cruel,
life is never kind &
j kind hearts don't make a new story j
j kind hearts don't grab any glory j
& we're the kids in America j
> ohj
j everybody live for the music-go-round j
j la, la, lad
Hey, guys. They're giving out
free polos back there!
Dweebs.
J la, la, lad
whoo!
& we're the kids j - & hey j
I we're the kids in America ji
Whoa, radical costumes.
But who are you?
We're young. We're still figuring that out.
Good evening, my liege.
Hey, Casper.
Hey.
- Oh, are you Elliott from e. 7.7
- I am.
I love that movie!
I know. I mean, uh...
- Is it attached to your butt?
- No. It's more of, I'd say, the groin area.
Oh.
I mean, not... it wasn't...
I'm Princess Diana.
You look great. Thanks.
You know, I really like her.
I know she's not a blood Princess.
I know that it's by marriage.
- I still...
- Hey!
- Are you a fish?
- Uh...
Because, son, you're going for a swim!
- That was amazing.
- Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
L... do you wanna come in?
I can't. I borrowed my Nana's wig.
> I could feel at the time j
Jules, you won't believe
what just happened!
Danny was all bragging
about his new Porsche.
I was ripping him hard,
saying he wouldn't take that thing over 90,
and he was, like, "I'm so sure.”
So I'm, like, "okay, prove it, dude.”
So we take this thing out to the street.
He gets it to, like, 50, wimps out.
So he starts doing doughnuts
and then he throws up.
And then, I was, like, "there's no way you're
getting that puke out of the glove box."
You're not even listening.
“What?
Are you listening to me? Yeah uh
he puked in his glove box?
Who's that douchebag?
I don't know.
Okay, well, I think you really need
to see this for yourself.
Man, these high school guys blow.
Oh, my god. Totally.
Pretty good with that pump.
Maybe you can show me
- what else you're good at.
- Oh. Gee.
You're not really my type, cro-mag.
I'm every girl's type, babe.
Let's just say you don't
have the right equipment.
Shut up, dude.
Dyke alert.
Dyke alert!
What?
Say that again. Say that again!
Frankie says relax.
Hey, hey, hey!
Back up!
- Do you want this?
- Hey, hey!
Get these guys out of here, man!
I just got
clocked by Daisy Duke.
Damn!
Jock douchebag!
Who cares? She's a val', man.
Come on.
I stole all their remotes.
Looks like you lost
the war on drugs, Mr. president.
J unemployment at a record high j
j people coming j
dude, check him out.
Dude!
Yo, dude.
Nice recovery, Manny. I thought you were
down-and-out after you hurled in the jacuzzi.
J it's like that
and that's the way it is &
okay. This is your party too.
You belong, and your
camp friends were wrong.
Oops.
Just... okay.
You looking for someone out there?
Are you crazy?
Yeah
we met at the beach. Um, I'm Randy.
I'm Julie.
Hey, open up!
So do you, like, live around here?
Not exactly.
Come on, man. Hurry up in there.
- Wanna get out of here?
- I'm so sure.
Kill let's motor.
Wait. As if.
Like, I just met you.
And this is Mickey's party.
The Mickey?
This is Mickey's party? Shh.
Well, I mean, where would you wanna go?
Anywhere.
What would you wanna do?
Anything.
Oh, god. I don't know.
Mickey, all of my friends, everybody would
probably have a total cow if I left.
Forget them.
What do you wanna do?
You are crazy.
J you might think I'm crazy j
j to hang around with you j
where are you going?
J maybe you think I'm lucky &
j to have something to do j
j but I think that you're wild j
j inside me is some child I
j you might think I'm foolish &
j maybe it's untrue &
j you might think I'm crazy j
j but all I want is you j
come on.
You can't leave your boyfriend's party.
I mean, Karen will...
These are the kids
they warn us about in life skills class.
Come on. “Jules.
J you might think it's hysterical
but I know when you're weak j
j you think you're in the movies
and everything's so deep j
hey!
J but I think that you're wild j
js when you flash that fragile smile &
j you might think I'm foolish &
j what you put me through j
j you might think I'm crazy
but all I want is you j
absolutely not.
J and it's hard, so hard to take j
j there's no escape without a scrape j
j you kept it going till the sun fell down
you kept it going j
Hollywood, kiss my ass!
Yeah!
Hey, speedy, you got my money?
- Come on.
- I'm not getting out here.
Okay, but when they attack
the car, save the radio.
Jules!
Whoa.
Come on.
J you might think I'm delirious
the way I run you down j
j but somewhere sometimes
when you're curious &
I'l be back around j
j you might think it's foolish
this chancy rendezvous j
j you might think I'm crazy j
j all I want is you j
You guys are cutting it close.
Well, we ended up in a bad part of town.
J to bring me back
I'm a million miles away j
j a million miles away j
sorry.
Wait, shouldn't somebody stop that fight?
It's called dancing!
Hardly. Like, what's the point?
Pointlessness!
J nothing left to bring me back j
amazing, right?
I don't know. It's kind of weird.
It's just authentic. But I guess
you don't get that in the valley.
I like the valley.
You think you like the
valley, but it's empty.
You dress alike, you talk the same.
Oh, my god. You guys
totally dress the same.
Maybe you need to get out of Hollywood.
So when can I see you again?
Aren't you supposed to wait
till the end of the night to ask me that?
Why?
Julie. What about Mickey?
- I think you're having a mental breakdown.
- Oh, my god.
- Just a little bit longer, please?
- L. Ook around us.
People have holes where
they're not supposed to.
- Please?
- I got stabbed with that kid's hair.
Obviously, you, like, wanna
be here, but I don't.
I'm calling a cab!
Are you gonna be able to get home okay?
I got a 1420 on my sat, Jules.
I think I can get myself back to encino.
Hello, you Hollywood urchins!
Safety recall!
We are safety recall!
Yeah, Randy!
I got a special guest here this evening.
Whoo!
And I just wanna try something new.
You guys on board?
Cue up, Randy.
J I see you through the smoky air &
sellout!
J can't you feel the weight of my stare? J
j you're so close but still a world away j
j what I'm dying to say is j
j I'm crazy for you j
j touch me once and
you'll know it's true j&
j I never wanted anyone like this &
I t's all brand-new &
j you'll feel it in my kiss &
j I'm crazy for you j
j crazy for you j
j trying hard to control my heart &
j I walk over to where you are j
j eye to eye we meet, no words at all
js slowly now we begin to move j
j every breath I'm deeper into you j
j soon we two are standing still in time j
j if you read my mind
you'll see I'm crazy for you j
j touch me once and
you'll know it's true j&
j I never wanted anyone like this &
I t's all brand-new &
j you'll feel it in my kiss
I'm crazy for you j
J I'm crazy, I'm crazy, I'm crazy
so you go to school. What else?
You know, like, hang out.
Yeah.
But what are you into? Um
I don't know.
Like, my friends and shopping and, like...
I can't believe
that this is happening. This is, like...
It's wild.
I really have to go.
People just leave their stuff out?
Yeah. It's, like, the valley.
Nobody steals things.
That's what you think.
I'm shoving that bike in my trunk.
- Jules?
- Uh, yeah?
You up?
Yeah, I am now.
Mickey's on his way. I'll
go fix you some tang.
Thanks.
Mickey.
So are you going to win
us another championship?
Yes, ma'am. We're gonna cream tarzana.
You don't have to call me ma'am.
I'm barely old enough to be a cool babysitter
that you used to have a thing for.
Hey, there's my qirl!
Go get them, little mcenroe.
- I'm gonna win it for you, all right?
- Oh.
Okay. Let's hit it.
Mickey.
- We need to talk.
- Come on, babe, it's the championship.
Mickey, I can't do this anymore.
Look, we all had too much fun last night.
I got mega drunk, you left
without saying goodbye.
Yeah? It's all good. We both feel terrible.
No, no.
I just think we, like, don't
want the same things.
Oh.
Is this about.
Prom night?
Hey. It's normal to be nervous, okay?
But I promise, it's gonna be special.
Mickey...
- Now, come on, let's roll.
- Mickey, that's not what I was talking about.
I need to talk to you.
Talk to me in the car. Let's go.
What's going on with you?
I'm trying to figure it out.
But I don't wanna, like,
be your cheering squad.
You're not even a cheerleader.
We're over.
Big mistake, Julie.
Big mistake!
And way to get me out of
my zone for the match.
Not cool at alll
big mistake!
You do know if you cared about our band
half as much as you care about that ramen,
we'd be, like, really rich right now?
Oh, I'm sorry. You don't want some?
No, I want the ramen.
We're still gonna practice,
though, later, right?
The office of Randall j. Phillips.
Well, hello.
This is Julie richman returning his call.
I'd like to schedule an
appointment, like, asap.
Well, I'm just looking at
his schedule right now,
and it would appear he's free forever.
No. And she just, like, dumped Mickey?
Yes yes
don't worry. Stacey's on it.
Oh, my god, Jules.
Mm. Are you okay?
- Hey, welcome!
- I am amazing.
I think I'm really into that guy.
- Randy. He's, like, totally tripendicular.
- Knees up.
- We don't date guys like that.
- Does he know how to play tennis?
- No, but it's just like...
- Here we go.
- The way he makes me feel. It's like...
- To the right!
J when I'm with you, baby
I go out of my head j
j I just can't get enough j
j all the things you do to me
and everything you said j
j I just can't get enough j
j some boys kiss me j
j some boys hug me j
j I think they're okay j
j if they don't give me proper credit j
j I just walk away j
j they can beg and they can plead
but they can't see the light &
j that's right j
j 'cause the boy with the cold hard cash
is always mister right j
& I can't go for that, no, no j
=" no can do &
j I can't go for that, no, no j
wow.
& no can do j
j I can't go for that, no, no j
I no can do j
j take my tears and that's not nearly all j
js oh, tainted love j
no can do j
I tainted love j
j it's getting hotter j
j it's a burning love j
& and I just can't
seem to get enough of &
js oh, tainted love j
I no can do j
I tainted love j
j 'cause everybody's living
in a material world &
j it's getting hotter
it's a burning love j
j you know that we are
living in a material world &
j and I am a material girl &
guys, can we just, like,
talk about this later?
- Come on, let's go to sweetie pie's.
- Totally.
Where's stace?
Oh, my god!
Like, what's he doing here?
I got him to give you
another chance, Jules.
Come on. He's our ride.
Are you guys joking?
It's okay. Some people totally
freak out senior year.
- Just like in that book, go ask Alice.
- Oh, my god. I'm not freaking out.
You so are.
I mean, this is just like my...
Um
The divorce.
- Come on.
- No.
Fine be a skank.
Is she coming?
Screw her.
To the Max.
J my fantasy has turned to madness j
it's over.
Looks good, dweeb.
J my need to possess you j
Julie thinks she's, like,
way too cool for us now.
No. You think?
What, she likes this guy
because he's different?
Different from who?
Hey, can we not talk about Julie?
Yeah, you're right.
Let's just have fun tonight.
I you are an obsession j
what? Mickey and Karen hooked up?
I know. Crazy, right?
I get that you didn't want
him anymore, but still.
Right? Thank you.
Okay, first of all, she's the skank.
Well, I'm ambivalent about that word.
- But, yes.
- Okay, well, were you freaking out about it?
Well, at the time, I was
a little preoccupied.
Ooh, la, la.
French restaurant? Fancy.
At least we know he has good taste.
Mom, what do you even know about France?
Nothing, I guess. I
just always wanted to go.
Okay. Bye.
Just going to dinner and
a movie with this boy?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- And, um, you'll be home by midnight?
- Yes, mom.
Sorry. It's important to your father.
Okay.
- Mwah.
- Love you.
I love you too.
Bye.
Just say no.
- To what?
- Everything.
J I saw your eyes j
j and you made me smile j
I for a little while j
j I was falling in love j
J you are just a concept
you are just a dream j
j you're just a reflection &
j of the new regime j
j you are just a symbol
you are just a theme j
j you're just another figure
for the sales machine I
j oh, oh j
j they're obsessed with you j
j 'cause they're watching j&
they have these secret shows
every month.
X even played once. X?
- Yeah, the band.
- Yeah, the band. Heh.
Oh, sorry, did you not know
anything at all about music? I...
Not punk music.
So why don't you tell me?
Oh. Okay, well, for starters, punk is dead.
Well, I'm sure
the dead band is gonna be totally bitchen,
but I have curfew.
But you're gonna miss your
one-week anniversary.
- That's a big record for this guy. Ow.
- Hey, shut up.
Well, we can celebrate another time,
but I have to get home.
- My parents are, like, gonna kill me.
- I'll take you home.
- I'm not gonna make you leave.
- I'm not putting you on a bus
on Hollywood boulevard. A bus?
Not. I'll totally cab it.
Like, why stop there”?
Why not a stretch limo?
We'll hang tomorrow?
- Oh, yeah, that's what I like.
- Randy.
Yeah, I like it. Oh, Randy.
Honey”? How was the date?
Fine.
Sweetheart, come in here
and tell us about it.
Okay.
So
Hey. Hi
- what did you guys see?
- Return of the jedi
ooh.
Is Darth Vader Luke's father?
Tell me. Tell me.
No, don't tell me. Don't tell me.
Okay, tell me.
- Yeah, he's...
- Don't tell me. Okay, tell me.
Yeah, he's the dad.
Wait. Who's whose dad?
Well, the jedi.
Are you lying to us?
- I can tell you're lying. Your mouth is open.
- Close your mouth.
We try to be so chill,
and you're lying to us?
Our plans changed, and
I didn't have a dime,
and it's not like I have some kind
of satellite phone device
I can keep in my pocket
and just transmit to outer space
and call you guys whenever I want to.
You're grounded, young lady.
Thank you for turning me
into a typical mother.
I'd like you to go wash
your face and go to bed.
- Wash it.
- Is that how you ground a child?
- I don't know.
- You did it the best you could have done it.
- What are you doing here?
- Figured we could be grounded together.
Shh.
Sorry.
Nice top hat.
I may have gone through
a brief magician stage in fifth grade.
Yeah, that's the day
that Karen got her car.
Nice
Yeah, that's just, like, a
thing that Stacey and I do.
I've been making clothes
since I was, like, 7.
So, what's this guy's story?
Well, this is Shaun.
- Shaun?
- I named him after Shaun Cassidy,
who was, like, my first true love.
Here, I'll show you.
- See, I was kind of obsessed.
- Oh, wow. Hot.
Shut up!
Wow.
It's like. It's like art.
The way you put clothes together.
I just think it's, like, why be boring?
You know?
Yeah
my guidance counselor told
me there's this college,
fashion institute of technology.
- Yeah, where is it?
- New York City.
Ooh.
Yeah
- but, I mean, I don't know.
- Let's do it. Let's go.
I mean, some day.
But, like, I have to
finish senior year and...
Oh, my god, did I tell you
that, like, kroq is throwing our prom?
No, no, no.
I know what you're thinking,
but it's gonna be awesome.
Is it?
No. It is. I promise.
Especially if I have the right date.
What, you mean,
like, Shaun Cassidy over here?
I hear he's got a lock on prom king.
J talking away j
j I don't know what I'm to say j
j I'll say it anyway j
j today's another day to find you j&
j shying away j
j I'll be coming
for your love, okay? J
& take on me j
& take me on j
j I'll be gone j
j in adayortwo j
& so needless to say j
I I'm odds and ends j
& but I'll be stumbling away j
j slowly learning that life is okay j
- & life is okay j
- & say after me j
j it's no better
to be safe than sorry j
& take on me j
&' take on me j
& take me on j
j I'll be gone I
j in adayortwo j
J ohjl
& yeah, yeah, yeah j
j oh, things that you say, yeah j
j is it life or just to play my &
&' worries away? J
& you're all the
things I've got to remember &
& you're shying away &
- &' I'll be coming for you anyway j
- & I'll be coming j
& take on me j
& take me on j
j I'll be gone j
j in adayortwo j
& take on me j
so are you sick of me yet?
No.
But you know what would be rad?
If you, like, hung out in the
valley a little bit more?
Do you really want me to?
No, come on, my friends,
they're not, like, contagious.
- I did some research.
- Research?
About New York.
The scene there is exploding.
The east village.
We could rent a railroad flat on Avenue a
we'd be so broke,
we'd have to eat chef boyardee 24/7.
And you'd be in fashion school.
Uh-huh.
I'd write you songs
and play them for you on stage at cbgb.
I don't know. I mean, I...
No, I'm supposed
to, like, go to northridge in the fall,
and, you know, my parents would, like...
I mean, what do yours think?
Look, I don't have that.
It's just me and you.
That's all I want.
J I'll stop the world &
j and melt with you &
j you've seen the changes j
j it's getting better all the time j
j there's nothing you and I won't do j
j I'll stop the world and melt with you j
Hey, you okay?
Did I tell you guys that
Randy's writing me a song?
Oh, he's in a band? I didn't know that.
Let me guess, a punk band.
Technically speaking, punk is dead.
You know, honey, ahem, I
was thinking that, uh...
I, uh...
I'm not so sure that he's the guy for you.
You know?
Dad, you don't even know him.
Well, I think that he's too old for you.
And I think he drives too fast
and I think he does too many drugs.
- Which is any amount of drugs, in my book.
- And, also, he's never once
come to the door to pick you up,
knocked and introduced himself.
- He doesn't introduce himself.
- Like Mickey used to do?
- Yes.
- Sure, like Mickey.
Yes. Like Mickey.
By the way, Barry said that Mickey
is torn up without you. Torn up.
That doesn't surprise me at all.
You talked to his dad?
- Honey, it was an investment thing, okay?
- Oh, my god.
By the way, we're not
investing in macintosh.
- We're gonna go with commodore.
- You're the boss.
Point is, honey, Mickey, he's got a future.
Mickey is the kind of person
- who'll take care of you...
- He's reliable, going places.
- Of your kids.
- He can take care of you.
What are you guys even talking about?
I mean, honey, next year,
you're gonna be at northridge,
and you're gonna have to make
a lot of big decisions.
- Your mom and I wanna help prepare you.
- I might not even go to northridge.
There's some really rad fashion stuff
happening in New York.
New York City?
Yeah, and Randy said that...
Honey, you're not moving across the country
with a guy we've never met.
- Dad...
- Especially not to New York City, okay?
- No.
- That's the crime capital of the world.
- Okay, the crime statistics. Murder capital.
- Basically, it's a giant jail.
You walk down the street
and it's just stabbings.
- Stabbing.
- Whoa, whoa, guys.
Okay. What if I just invite him over?
For dinner?
That way, you guys could get to know him.
Could we start there?
What?
I mean, I know I haven't seen you in a
while, but pretty sure the guy I remember
didn't dress like Kenny loggins and go
hang out with a bunch of old yuppies.
(Give me a break.
Like you haven't done
some warped stuff for chicks.
Remember mad dog Marie?
Oh, yes, who went off to Marie-hab.
Yeah, I mean, this is sort of
the first phase of our plan.
She wants her folks to know the guy
who's taking their girl away.
She's not moving in here.
- That's not happening.
- No, no, no. NYC, man.
What do you mean, "NYC, man"?
Going to New York now?
So that's just it, then?
No more band. I mean... okay.
Cool. Well, thanks for letting me know.
You and sticky should come.
Look, I've got some new songs.
And a new scene gives us freedom.
Why are you doing this?
We have people here who like our music,
and they actually, like, come to our shows.
- Everything we've been working for.
- Wanna spend the rest of your life
playing the same five songs
to the same 50 people in the same club?
This girl is Nancy.
You're sid and she's Nancy.
And not in a good way.
What, you think that's gonna work?
Those rich assholes, they're
gonna hate you, man.
They already hate you.
She digs me, her parents
are gonna dig me too.
News flash. Parents don't
dig you, all right?
Not even your own.
Damn it, I'm late!
Don't grill him about his parents.
He doesn't like to talk about them.
- Honey.
- Or his grades. He's totally smart.
Sweetheart, I am gonna keep an open mind.
There's so many cul-de-sacs
in the neighborhood.
It's easy to drive around in circles.
Hello? Julie?
Julie.
I'm wondering if we need
to buy Randy a Timex.
Ha, ha.
I'm gonna start.
Dad, no. I am.
Steve.
“It's rude. Your mother made a lot of food.
I don't like someone treating me like this.
- We've been waiting for a long time.
- I bet you are thrilled he's not here.
Don't say that.
“We're not thrilled.
But we are validated.
The truth is, it is better to just
find out now what kind of a person he is.
You can find someone who
can take care of you.
Not everybody is as needy
and scared of the world as you are.
Jesus, guys can suck.
- Yeah.
- You must've been so pissed.
Embarrassed.
Mostly just sad.
So, I mean, was that it?
It was just over?
Well, I didn't know.
I called and there was no answer.
I thought maybe it was.
But then.
I'm sorry.
Well, then why didn't you show up?
Parents are hard for me, okay?
That's your big excuse?
You know what, trigonometry is hard for me,
but I still show up.
What do you want me to say, Julie”?
You want my whole pathetic life story?
How my dad bailed on me
before I was even born?
How my mom kicked me out of the house
because she wanted to start a real family?
Look, you have this life.
This shiny, bright, perfect...
I saw it I see...
I don't know how to fit into this.
You could start by showing up.
I will
cool.
I need to work on my dance moves
if I'm ever gonna be on mtv.
- You're so good at dancing.
- Who has time for that?
Like, I totally was watching
the "thriller" video today...
Happy birthday.
Is it 7
oh, my god.
Oh, I love it.
Oh, thank you.
I'm kind of having a birthday
party this Saturday.
Oh I didn't know.
I mean, it was, like, totally last-minute.
But you're totally invited,
as long as you're okay with, you know...
Oh, my god, stop.
You're totally putting me in the middle
- just like my mom does.
- Spaz down, Stacey.
(God.
Mickey will be there with me.
Yeah. I heard about you two.
Yeah? What'd you hear?
Was it something like:
"Ah! Mickey! Oh, my god, Mickey!"
We used to say that exes were off-limits.
Yeah, well, we used to say a lot of stuff.
What do you care now? You have Randy.
God, this is so stupid.
I think you guys would actually just
really like him if you got to know him.
Well, why don't you bring
him to my birthday party?
Okay.
Whoo! Keep on wheeling!
- Hey, that's for you.
- Oh, my god, thank you so much.
It's a book.
J goody two, goody two,
goody goody two shoes j
j goody two, goody two
j don't drink, don't
smoke, what do you do? I
oh, my god, Karen.
I have tiny cars on my feet.
This is really good practice.
- For what?
- Prom.
Oh, my god, you guys came!
Oh. Happy birthday.
- Thanks for coming.
- Yeah, totally.
Hey, Randy.
Right on. Happy birthday.
Oh, it's a scratch-off lottery ticket.
That's already been scratched off.
You take that to any gas station,
they'll give you 3 bucks. Cash.
Oh. Thank you.
I'm here with the birthday girl,
and it is time for "the safety dance."
You know the dance.
> S-a-f-e-t-y
j safety dance j
time to grab your partner
and show me what you got.
But if you hear the whistle, baby, you out.
J we can dance if we want to
we can leave your friends behind j
j 'cause your friends don't dance
and if they don't dance j
j well, they're no friends of mine j
j I say, we can go where we want to j
Stacey. Hey, hey!
Stace y. Oe
are you okay?
Yeah, I, uh, take karate sometimes.
J we can dance, we can dance
we're doing it wall to wall &
j we can dance, we can dance
everybody look at your hands &
I think I'll take a timeout.
What? You sure?
Really, it's okay.
J safety dance
oh, well, the safety dance j
> s-a-f-fe
whoop! And this is why we always
wear underwear at the roller rink, people.
Ah, the things we do for girls.
J we can leave your friends behind &
ooh! You're out, bitch. Go get a chili dog.
J well, they're no friends of mine j
j I say, we can dance, we can dance j
come on.
- Okay.
- Okay?
Jd we can dance
we're doing it wall to wall &
yeah!
“What?
What?
We're down to our final three couples.
Ooh! Show me your best moves.
This is not where I saw my life going.
> S-a-f-e-t-y
j the safety dance
the safety dance j
j the safety dance j
and we have our winners!
That was amazing, right? Yeah
uh-oh. If you lost a tooth,
it's over at the lost and found.
- That was awesome. With so many spins.
- Yeah, for sure, Karen.
What are you doing here, freak?
I don't want any beef, dude.
Where's the beef, huh?
I'm cool.
Just making sure you're okay, buddy.
I mean, your girl was kind of all over me.
You look angry. You need
to cool off a little bit?
Yeah, she's really something, isn't she?
Oh, my god. = her name is rio j
I and she dances on the sand j
- oh, my god!
- Fight! Fight!
Guys, stop!
Stop!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Get him off me! Get him off me!
Yeah, he's crazy, man.
Get off of me! Get off of me! You think I wanna
be here with these trust-fund jerk-offs?
I'm happy to get the hell out!
(Set off me!
You're done.
Come on, Julie, let's go!
- Wow. Classy.
- What happened, dude?
You okay?
- Stacey, I am so sorry.
- I think that you should probably just go.
- But, Stacey...
- Just go, please.
Thank god.
I think he's actually psychotic.
What was that?
What is wrong with you?
You realize that everything my friends ever
thought about you you just proved them right?
- Why do you care what they think?
- They're my friends.
What, these vapid, stupid,
rich, shitty people?
I am one of those people, Randy.
You know what, all we ever do
is hang out with your friends,
listen to your band, do your stuff,
but the moment I even try to show you
my world, you, like, totally sabotage it.
I'm sorry, okay?
Wait, come here. Come on.
I'm sorry.
All those amazing things we said we were
gonna do, let's just go and do that.
None of this stuff matters.
You see, that's the problem,
it's that nothing matters to you.
But I have things in my life that I
care about, that are important to me.
Don't tell me you're gonna
bring up prom again.
Seriously, Julie?
It's like we're from different planets.
If you want a prom king,
maybe I'm not your guy.
You know what, maybe you're not.
- You don't mean that.
- Does this look like it's working to you?
I have given up everything for you.
- You don't even show up.
- I'm sorry.
- Your fake friends aren't gonna call you back?
- I'm sorry that I have people in my life
that care about me, okay?
You're right.
It's not working.
You know what?
Forget it.
For sure.
Like, totally.
J I saw your eyes j
j saw your eyes j
j and you made me cry j
j made me cry j
> and for a little while j
I little while j
j I was falling in love j
J I was falling in love j
jove j
j falling in love I
Those tots look awfully lonely.
I know how they feel.
You think, uh, one of them might like
to be my date to prom?
What about Karen? No.
No, I broke up with Karen.
It's never been about her.
Only us.
So, what do you say?
Yeah. Okay.
Let's do prom.
- You okay?
- Yeah. Prom could be fun.
It will be fun.
But it doesn't mean we're
back together. Okay?
All right, sweet. Yes, ma'am.
But seriously, are you
gonna finish those tots?
J I would say I'm sorry &
j if I thought
that it would change your mind j
I but I know that this time j
j I have said too much
been too unkind j
j I try to laugh about it &
j cover it all up with lies
j hiding the tears in my eyes j
- j because boys... &
- &' boys don't cry j&
j boys don't cry j
j I would break down at your feet &
I but I know that it's too late j
j now there's nothing I can do j
j so I try to laugh about it j
j cover it all up with lies
j I try to laugh about it
hiding the tears in my eyes j
j 'cause boys don't cry j
j boys don't cry j
j I would tell you that I loved you
if I thought that you would stay j&
j but I know that it's no use
'cause you've already gone away j
j misjudged your limit j
j pushed you too far j
j I took you for granted j
j thought that you needed me more I
J now I would do most anything &
j to get you back by my side j
j but I just keep on laughing
hiding the tears in my eyes j
&' 'cause boys don't cry j
j boys don't cry j
- & boys don't cry &
- &' boys, they don't cry &
j boys don't cry j
Sol
I saw that song that you wrote for her.
It's good.
You'll get her back.
No. I'm pretty sure she's done.
Damn.
Maybe we should go to New York anyway.
You know? I mean, a change could be good.
Check out a new scene?
Plus, we're getting evicted, so...
What do you think?
You know what, let's do it.
Yeah?
Let's get the hell out of town.
Yeah!
Stace?
Will you hear me out?
Like, I don't really have a choice.
Look, I am so, so sorry
about your birthday party, okay?
And I'm not with him anymore.
And I know, it's not...
Are you okay?
And look, I've been, like,
the worst friend recently...
No, I said stuff too.
But it's just...
I mean, everything at home is so...
- I just want everything to stay the same.
- Yeah, totally.
- I'm sorry.
Um
I kind of got into dartmouth.
Wait, what?
- You got into dartmouth?
- Mm-hm_
Stace, that's amazing.
I know. But you all are going to northridge,
and Karen will, like, freak out at me...
No, no, no. Screw Karen.
You have to go.
That's Ivy league.
- Oh, my god!
- I'm going to an lvy league school.
You got in! You're a genius.
Yeah
you're going to dartmouth. Oh, my god!
- Oh, I really have to pee, though.
- Oh. Okay. Sorry.
Mom's letting me get a waterbed.
Whoo! Yup.
You know.
Oh, my god.
Wow. Four years of silent treatment.
Northridge is gonna be a blast.
Karen? She lied.
Didn't even get into northridge. Idiot.
- But I got in?
- Maybe that's why she went nuclear on us.
Hey. Don't forget that pink dress, right?
The one that goes with my cummerbund.
I was thinking it might be
rad if I did something...
Don't you wanna match, babe?
Right. Julie.
Yeah
not "babe."
I want a hot dog.
Let's go.
You look bitchen.
Thanks.
Ah, I remember my prom.
It's a lot of pressure, right?
Totally.
Oh, my god.
I know.
Oh. Wait.
This is gonna make it, like, mega.
Oh, my god. Totally.
Ah
So, like, what happened with Karen?
Ugh. She called you a backstabber
for hanging out with him.
And I was like, "wait, you totally did
the same thing but, like, way worse."
She freaked out, stopped the car
right in the middle of ventura
and told me to get out.
Yeah, and then she told me not to get out,
but I did anyway.
Julie! Come quick,
I want you to see this.
Put our fight on hold for a second.
Look, look.
T-minus-10, nine...
You know what that is?
That's the first female astronaut.
That's Sally ride.
Go for main engine start
and we have ignition.
There she goes. There she goes.
“And now liftoff
for America's first woman astronaut.
The launchpad is clear,
and sts-7 is free of the towers.
There she goes.
Pretty cool.
- Yeah.
- She js the first.
A stunning accomplishment.
You know, I bet...
I bet her parents had some scary times.
You know, a daughter like that?
Always wanting to Blaze
her own trail, you know?
One thousand miles an hour.
But, damn, I bet they're proud today.
You know, Sally ride...
She's from encino.
She's a valley girl.
I pressure j
j pushing down on me
pressing down on you j
> no man ask for j
j under pressure
that burns a building down j
j splits a family in two j
j puts people on streets I
J that's the terror of knowing
what this world is about &
j watching some good friends screaming j
im et me out!" I
j pray tomorrow gets me higher
j pressure on people, people on streets j
j day j
j okay j
j chipping around
kick my brains round the floor &
j these are the days
it never rains, but it pours j
yeah
J it's the terror of knowing
what this world is about &
j watching some good friends screaming j
im et me out" d
j pray tomorrow gets me higher
j pressure on people, people on streets j
J turned away from it
all like a blind man j&
> sat on a fence j
I but it don't work j
& keep coming up with love
but it's so slashed and torn &
- & why, why, why? J
- & why, why? &
j why? J
j love, love, love
j insanity laughs
under pressure we're breaking &
j cantwe j
j give ourselves one more chance? J
j can't we give love
that one more chance? J
js why can't we give love j&
j give love, give love, give love j
& 'cause love's such
an old-fashioned word j
j and love dares you to j
j care for the people I
j on the edge of the night and j
j love dares you to change our way of
j caring about ourselves
I this is our last dance j
I this is ourselves j
j under pressure j
&' under pressure j
I pressure j
honey?
- This is great.
- Hello, prom night. Sweetheart?
And now we wait for the
young female human...
- I can't see anything.
- To emerge from her lair.
- Honey? Sweetheart?
- Fully groomed for the prom.
Stunning.
- All right. Can we get a picture of you two?
- Okay.
Mickey, give her that corsage.
- What happened to the dress?
- You said pink.
- Just a few more photos.
- A couple more shots.
- I'm coming in close.
- We have to go. We're gonna be late.
This is important. Be careful.
“We won't be back too late.
Julie?
Au revoir.
Bye, mom.
J we were so in phase j
I in our dance j
coming to you live from the most bitchen,
awesomest prom in America,
it's Rodney on the roq, kroq, and...
Raechel donahue.
Happy to be here on my day off.
J could believe and do j
j and share in what was true
and I say j
j dance hall days love j
yeah!
Come on, valley high,
show us how rad you are.
J on the floors of Tokyo j
j or down in London town's
a go-go-go j
js with the record selection
and the mirror's reflection &
j I'm dancing with myself &
j oh, when there's no one else in sight I
I in the crowd j
I wonder if there's a kroq prom king
and queen out there somewhere, huh?
There for sure is, there for sure is.
Because we gotta pick somebody.
J dancing with myself &
j oh, dancing with myself &
- congrats on the big news, Stacey.
- Oh, hey, thanks, Mr. g.
- Just don't forget about us here in L.A.
- I won't.
End of an era, huh? Hmm?
Oh, yeah.
It's, like, so sad.
Are you kidding?
High school hates people like me.
I'm sure you don't understand.
You're so cool, confident,
always at the best parties.
I hated those parties.
I'm going to dartmouth
for computer science.
Well, I'll be at mit.
It's only a swift 111
miles as the crow flies.
Do you want some punch” you have some.
J oh, I'm dancing with myself j
j oh, oh, dancing with myself j
j if I had the chance
I'd ask the world to dance j
come on, kids, too close.
Js oh, oh, oh j
j dance, dance, dance j
This is the longest I've
ever been in a gym.
Rad. Wow, wasn't that amazing?
And now the moment
that you've all been waiting for.
Time to announce the kroq most bitchenest,
awesome prom king and queen...
Youl!
And the winning couple is...
I'm... don't...
- This is totally fun, right?
- Totally.
Do you think we can,
like, go together again?
Mickey Bowen and Julie richman!
“Whoo! Number one!
Awesome.
J a million miles away j
j a million miles away j
you're awesome, Mickey!
Whoo!
Whoo! Yeah!
Yeah, Mickey!
Hey, do you guys have anything
you wanna say to young America?
Congratulations, Sally ride.
Whoo!
Women!
Balls to the wall!
Yeah, Mickey!
Hmm.
J! Heaven j
j is the home of our hearts j
I and heaven j
j don't tear you apart &
j yeah, heaven j
j is the home of our hearts j
so are we back together again?
Because I got us a room at the Sheraton.
No
Like, no, we're not back
together or no Sheraton?
Do you really wanna do this right now?
Damn it. Julie, are you, like,
wasting my prom night?
Not anymore.
Oh, my god.
J counts my time j
I and heaven j
ladies, I'm single!
Yeah!
Not exactly how we thought
prom would go, huh?
Our last hurrah.
Yeah
I heard about northridge.
What are you gonna do?
No clue.
Maybe that's good for a change.
Yeah
J moving forward using all my breath j
j making love to you
was never second best j
j I saw the world
crashing all around your face j
j never really knowing it was always j
I mesh and lace j
j I'll stop the world and melt with you j
j let's stop the world I
&' you've seen the difference &
j and it's getting better all the time j
j there's nothing you and I won't do j
who are these guys?
J let's stop the world I
j I'll stop the world... j
J I'll stop the world &
j and melt with you &
j you've seen the difference j
j and it's getting better j
j all the time j
j there's nothing you and I won't do j
j I'll stop the
world and melt with you j
I couldn't miss prom.
> Dream of better lives ji
I the kind which hever hate j
j trapped in the state of imaginary grace j
j I made a pilgrimage to save j
these high school dudes blow.
Totally.
J I'll stop the world and melt with you j
hey. You should call this gal.
She does choreography for music videos.
Oh. Oh, my god.
J there's nothing you and I won't do j
j let's stop the world &
j I'll stop the world and melt with you j
j ohjl
j I'll stop the
world and melt with you j&
I let's stop the world &
j I'll stop the
world and melt with you j&
so wait, this song
that they play on kroq all the time
- is about you?
- Mm-hm_
It was also in a terrible
fast-food commercial
oh, my god. You were,
like, actually cool once.
Mm. I'm gonna take that as a compliment.
But then you left him for dad?
Not exactly.
We moved to New York, and
they got a record deal
right when I was finishing fashion school.
- And I did the looks for their first tour.
- Tell me you went on that tour.
- Yes.
- Wait, so what happened with Randy?
Well, life happened.
First loves don't always last,
but they change everything.
You could have been with a rock star.
You could have had, like, a sick life.
I do have a really sick life.
I have you.
And my company. I actually get
to design clothes for a living.
And I love your dad more than anything.
And Randy, being with him
and seeing the world,
that made me who I am.
What are you gonna do about Zach?
I don't know.
Guess I'm just gonna have to figure it out.
On my way to Japan.
You know, Blaze my own trail.
Like, totally.
Where do you wanna go?
Everywhere!
What do you wanna do?
Everything.
J all my life I feel you
everywhere you go j
j I'm the one who lets you steal the show j
j time to separate the
things I think can wait j
j a part of me is with
you everywhere you go j
j inside a love so true
outside the world will end j
j it's only me without
you every time you go j
j you're all I think about
I thought that you should know j
j it's lonely here without you &
j but some day
we'll be livin' it up, whoa-oh, whoa-oh j
j livin'itup j
j we'll be livin' it up, whoa-oh, whoa-oh j
J every day you leave me
I'll always be around j
j you're the one who lifts me up
when I'm knocked down &
j the world's a better place
when I see your face j
j you're the one
who makes my heart spin around &
j inside a love so true
outside the world will end j
j it's only me without
you every time you go j
j you're all I think about
I thought that you should know j
j it's lonely here without you
but some day j
j we'll be livin' it up, whoa-oh, whoa-oh j
j livin'itup j
J livin'itup j
J inside a love so true j
j outside the world could end j
j it's only me without
you every time you go j
j you're all I think about
I thought that you should know j
j it's lonely here without you
but some day j
j we'll be livin' it up, whoa-oh, whoa-oh j
j livin'itup j